a lot of people have scanners at home
that they used to scan paper or you know
sometimes their butts or something like
that I don't know anything about that
but what does he want to scan something
like this in 3d well I'm here at next
engine technology with Dan Gustafson who
is the marketing director here and he's
going to tell me a little bit about 3d
scanning and why that's important the
future technology and what it's all
about
basically 3d scanning the technology
that's been around for quite a while but
what we've done is made it very portable
and very easy to use so it allows people
throughout the world in different
industries to do things faster and even
things they couldn't do before they can
now do that with 3d scanning so how does
the technology work how much detail do
you want you want to look at in detail
there's a sensor here there's actually
two one goes this is a macro we know
this is a wide window but you're
triangulating the light against the
sensor and measuring the speed of light
so there's a lot of things like Google
Sketchup and and Second Life that could
probably really benefit from this kind
of technology yeah yeah we actually have
customers who scan physical objects
create 3d models and then sell them on
Second Life really does that's pretty
popular already I think the people who
are doing it don't don't talk about a
lot because they have a one-up on many
people it's kind of cheating in a way
that are creating it in game they're
kind of replicating things in real life
and then bringing it into the virtual
world we like to say things they can do
things faster not really the cheating
faster so you mentioned that people are
using it in Second Life this is
something that a lot of consumers are
going to be using or is it more still on
the industrial side right now it's on
the industrial side but we're seeing
more and more people who work at large
companies using the scanner to
complement their their knowledge of
their applications they use we have some
animators who work with large studios
who are now able to have one of these in
their office at home do 3d scans and
then
they can quickly create a 3d model and
complement an animation or a special
effect for a movie and then they can
sell that to the movie I had a very very
affordable price can you give me some
examples yeah an example would be at the
Fantastic Four Silver Surfer definitive
Silver Surfer there's a scene in there
where the hand was scanned and there was
a transformation of the hand and then
also mystic was an example
Hank Dawson up in Seattle uses it for
some of his animation can you show me
how we can do this one sure you bet
put it up there so we'll take the
physical object put it in the part
gripper this is the auto positioner here
and we certainly have the seashell out
there we'll hit the Scan button and this
is the setup mode for your scan the way
the scanner works is you take multiple
scans and you put those scans together
to create a watertight mesh file so
here's our Nabu fighter in 3d texture
and then we have it the surface solid
this is the mesh bottom so you can see
all the detail is captured there's just
amazing all the details Wow the multi
laser precision that we have on the
scanner actually allows us to get rid of
any noise so that you don't have spikes
in scanned in to which there's a typical
danger of scanners that have a single
beam can you show me some of the scans
in action some things that you've worked
on in the past yeah absolutely we have
some right here oh well that was
convenient yeah here's some physical
objects that are mechanical in nature we
have some 3d prints actually this is a
manifold this is also a manifold from a
old vehicle from a popular car collector
in Southern California it's a 1922
Bugatti part we don't have the actual
aluminum piece but this is really what
it looked like when it came in
imagine this ABS print in aluminum you
can see a hole here you can see all the
rough edges on the outside here it was
worn over the years and was no longer
useful so what with his we created the
3d model off the scan and then took it
into software that allowed us to reverse
model so we were able to generate an
idealized part from scan data so this is
almost like Star Trek technology this is
like the precursor to a replicator in a
way right right that's really cool is
there gonna be a time when the scanners
are just printing scanner
it kind of goes on to this like the
probiotics and it soaps making
themselves and then they don't need
humans anymore a little bit of
intelligence there so I don't think that
will happen but you never know so this
is a 3d printer the dimension 3d printer
and you're able to create 3d models by
downloading an STL file into this
machine and it will actually print in
three dimensions and then you have a
little piece here table that the piece
will be printed in so when you pull this
out you'll have support material below
it and your piece will look like this so
from what I can see so far
I imagined it to be trimming away from a
material and it doesn't look like that
at all it's like it's making something
out of nothing what is it doing right
well there's two methods of
manufacturing
there's additive and subtractive this is
additive where it's actually printing
something from nothing attractive is
when you actually have a physical object
you're cutting away from it okay so
thank you so much for showing us this
it's really incredible and I can see how
it's going to really be something that's
used a lot in the future
but one question what's the where's the
button for MOCA we're work on that but
it's gonna be right here oh great thank
you so much see you guys next time